Here is the course overview and what you'll be
learning. Kanban 201: Taking It Up a Notch.
Here we'll do a deeper dive into kanban.
Transitioning From Waterfall to Kanban. This module is well suited if
you're coming from a more traditional or ad hoc development approach.
Transitioning From Agile/Scrum to Kanban.
This module is targeted for those coming from the Agile/Scrum world.
Either way, I wouldn't skip either of these two modules.
There are many key nuggets of information that you just don't want to miss.
Managing Your Workflow. In this module, we'll move through a complete
scenario of using kanban, a great module indeed.
Preparing for Organizational Challenges.
Yes,
being unaware of the politics or organizational environment may
severely impede your efforts to use kanban successfully.
I will show you how to succeed. Lastly, Applying Key Learning Objectives.
Basically, I'll sum up the course with key takeaways.
What is your development approach today?
As the title of this course suggests,
this course is geared for Agile/Scrum practitioners,
such as developers, analysts,
maybe even project managers, and the entire world of engineers.
If you, on the other hand,
use a more waterfall approach or a blend that's
sometimes called Scrum‑a‑fall, perfect.
I've included a module to help guide you into the world of kanban. And lastly,
you might use other disciplines, even roll your own,
and that is just fine.
This course will provide the information you will need to
jump‑start or enhance your kanban knowledge and skills.
So whatever your development background may be, kanban is
definitely a practice you want to add to your tool belt.
Here is the course outcome. When you have completed this course,
you will have the skills and knowledge in how to design, execute,
and deliver high‑quality kanban systems. Up next, Kanban 201: Taking It Up a Notch. See you there.